never any money
now the government remembers the cow
I know I have no character, it's not the
Next the baggage and good tasting good
partner to grow hard to dig
to start a needle what he
are taking a walk are going to do what?
a legacy of everything beauty has taken everything
of a helmet although there was an affront to the
laser vision in the next partial
It 's crazy, it's crazy. We're going crazy.
start knowing that my partner
in that attack was my maicon pass
has a now calm space sword
he's down here it down here
so calm let's compare him and let's go
to take it there give a green class that
takes the patrolman that the stuff that
prefer to exchange a piece of everything with a
footprint of everything I said I said calm
calm or connectivity aggravating
flashing aggravating that let's let's you
Let's go to where I'm going to have a face.
there this guy is here he is in
connectivity of a car on top of it
is on the attack were like killing with duke
gamers the guy is in the middle of that
community is linked to the process
which was animated by each animal than
This will not win.
Then you come from the capital with money and only
of what our lady generates out everything
for everything I'm being attacked ppi
to attack the general director of the house
position calm calm calm calm calm
calm woman everything
but just because it does not belong to will take
brat
Let's go this map, the bag is
Crazy, I'm going to catch the game, I'm going to get it.
Because I'm crazy, I'm going soon.
because I own the partner
where the guy tries to put the patient
come back here because this stone
Come on, man. Calm down, my sky god .
that lucky luck here as I'm there the
man changed a month to leave I 'm going
I'll put the piece together.
I work to stop but you're going to die.
brat I know this map that the
Shit is crazy because my partner
because the bag is crazy
Look, your partner, I ask for everything.
You're on, I get the beauty I got.
Now let's get up here, let's go up
new because here you know what's mine
partner here is a famous air raid on
Drop cloth pattern print and
I'm tired and I 'm here for the rest.
vacant or on the tour since the good stuff
it is not to start well as in the fashion style
360 already fucking thoma I fell summer on
bordering on the calm stuff
Come on, man.
take this shit beauty come here now
in the neighborhood there is nothing beauty attack
air but attacking was our calm lady
calm
starts tomorrow the pilot runs to
celebrate
all that I did that I did did not me
to sell up there is up
I hope he has not had a good wind
in the band rivers we are not going to be a woman there
Oh my God
calm calm calm calm is not living
he is not living
he's not living it is not living
calm calm calm calm calm pomegranate gave
Face black and calm my heaven god
Calm down there, not if the field is not
exchange do not calm calm love and you will
die
Are you going to die in thomas europa? I'll tell you.
for you I go but you die I you
die you die you show the field of
caraguá tomorrow I'll teach you what it is
How to kill when the game in the bronx
will have to come if the community is
connected to opera in productivity may have
happened it will run beautiful
I thought I was never Portuguese then here
What are we going to do? We're going to start.
but I'm going to chapter here now is like
kill with the game
the guy is down there down there
car looks only as the patient takes
print